docs: update `toHaveBeenCalledWith` to include type of equality check (#12222)
facebook/jest: docs/ExpectAPI.md

Also under the alias: `.toBeCalledWith()`

> Use `.toHaveBeenCalledWith` to ensure that a mock function was called with specific arguments.The specific arguments are checked with a `.toEqual` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `.toHaveBeenCalledWith` to ensure that a mock function was called with specific arguments. The arguments are checked with the same algorithm that `.toEqual` uses.
```

> Use `.toHaveBeenCalledWith` to ensure that a mock function was called with specific arguments.The specific arguments are checked with a `.toEqual` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `.toHaveBeenCalledWith` to ensure that a mock function was called with specific arguments. The specific arguments are checked with a `.toEqual` call.
```

same for the others

Reviewer: also, please use the wording I provided in https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/12222#discussion_r800033248
